is with the Southwest Regional Manufacturer's Association. Betsy, I understand that you have recently become the new executive director of the Manufacturer's Association.

Yes, as of June first.

Okay, so you're in and you're running. I was hoping you could tell us more about the organization. How it's structured, some of your members, just anything you can share with us.

Certainly. Southwest Regional Manufacturer's Association is built around the foundation of, first of all, education. We have an educated workforce that is ready to work in manufacturing and really understand that manufacturing is no longer a smokestack. It's a pretty clean job that requires highly technical skills to be successful. The second part of it is partnering with Horizon Council and the Industrial Development Authority to fuel economic growth in the manufacturing sector in southwest Florida.

What are some of the interesting trends that you're seeing in manufacturing as you're talking to some of the businesses here in southwest Florida that are in manufacturing?

I've seen lots of growth in our membership

--

[music]

Hi there. I'm Denise Richardson, and this is Howdini.com. If you want to learn how to ace a job interview, stay tuned. We're about to talk about it with Maggie Mistal who is a life purpose and career coach who can be heard regularly on Martha Stewart Living Radio on Sirius. Thank you so much for being with us.

Thanks, Denise.

You show up. You dress properly. You walk in to meet the interviewer. What is the first thing you do when you walk in?

I love to smile. and obviously I think you can tell by that, but I like to make the interviewer just as at ease as I'm trying to be. Because really, this interview is a conversation that you're going to have with this other person, who is a human being, and it can be a real ice-breaker if you can just be relaxed, at least give yourself a break, say, "Hi. How are you?" and even try to talk about the weather or some type of other ice-breaker that can give everybody a chance to take a deep breath. Because this is an evaluative conversation, and it can be nerve-wracking for both parties.

So the interviewer says to the prospective employee, "Why do you want to leave your job?"

--

What is the path people usually take to have this job career? What is the typical work history or experience of a person that enters your field?

Okay. For this position here, for a lot of the counseling positions, we have to at least have to have a bachelor's degree and a master's degree in counseling. In this position, you also have to have a license. So, post master's degree, you have to have so many clinical hours in order to sit for an exam and be licensed. 

So for this position that you're working at now, you don't necessarily have to be a [?] or a Ph. D. You can come into it as a master's.

You could have a master's degree, but you also have to have a license.

That's 3000 hours, plus [?].

That's a lot of hours.

You're either paid low or not anything. A lot of people get their hours through an internship, but it's not usually paid. Some of those hours are gathered during your master's program, but then a lot of them are outside
